Update README.md (#11)
just-ero/asl-help: README.md

### Loading Asl-Help
Use the following snippet to load the asl-help binary in your auto splitter. This and the following examples will assume that the game runs on the Unity engine.
```cs
startup {
    Assembly.Load(File.ReadAllBytes("Components/asl-help")).CreateInstance("Unity");
}
```

### TryLoad
All pointers must be declared inside of a function that is assigned to the `TryLoad` member of the auto-generated `Helper` variable. This should be done inside the `init` block. If this function returns `true`, then asl-help has been successfully initialized.
```cs
init {
    vars.Helper.TryLoad = (Func<dynamic, bool>)(mono => {
        // Declare your pointers here.
        return true;
    });
}
```
Because the `mono` variable is scoped to the anonymous function, it cannot be accessed outside of the function. Do not store a reference to it that could outlive said function.

### Pointers
Pointers in asl-help are declared with the following syntax inside of the TryLoad function.
```cs

> vars.Helper["WatcherName"] = mono["ClassName"].Make<Type>("FieldName", offset1, offset...);

Reviewer: This way of creating pointers is discouraged. The user should be using the `MonoHelper` overloads for making pointers. If their game is IL2CPP'd, they should be encouraged to store the class in a local.

```cs
mono.Make<T>("ClassName", "StaticFieldName", "InstanceField", "NextField", ...);
```
```cs
var c = mono["ClassName"]; // mono["Assembly", "ClassName"];

mono.Make<T>(c, "StaticFieldName", "InstanceField", "NextField", ...);

// on IL2CPP
var d = mono["DlassName"];
c.Make<T>("StaticFieldName", "InstanceField", d["NextField"], ...);
```

Please apply this information to the explanations below, as well as the `Inheritance` heading.

Author: Why does storing it in a local matter for il2cpp? I believe you that it does but I am just curious as to why that would make a difference.

Author: Also how do you specify inheritance without using the syntax that I put down?

Reviewer: > Why does storing it in a local matter for il2cpp?

So that you don't attempt to query the classes every time you need them (it will be cached, but you still have to check the cache unnecessarily when you already queried it once), and to reduce on code length and increase readability.

You *can* write
```cs
var c = mono["CClass"];
var d = mono["DClass"];
var e = mono["EClass"];
var f = mono["FClass"];

vars.Helper["Value"] = c.Make<T>("StaticField", "InstanceField", d["dField"], e["eField"], f["fField"]);
```
as
```cs
vars.Helper["Value"] = mono["CClass"].Make<T>("StaticField", "InstanceField", mono["DClass"]["dField"], mono["EClass"]["eField"], mono["FClass"]["fField"]);
```
but that just becomes unwieldy.

Reviewer: > Also how do you specify inheritance without using the syntax that I put down?

```cs
vars.Helper["Value"] = mono.Make<T>("ClassName", 1, "StaticField", "InstanceField", "NextField", ...);
```
or
```cs
var c = mono["CClass", 1];

vars.Helper["Value"] = mono.Make<T>(c, "StaticField", "InstanceField", "NextField", ...);
```

Welcome!

---
## Third Party Notice
This repository is not responsible for scripts malfunctioning due to issues that are not caused by asl-help.
We reserve the right to immediately close any issues which report problems out of our control.

> Instead, please either open an issue in the repository of the script's creator, or ask a question in the [Speedrun Tool Development Discord server](https://discord.gg/cpYsxz7).

Reviewer: Please move this to the very bottom and retain the horizontal rule and H5.

Author: Markdown only has three heading levels.

Author: Nevermind it has six??? I never noticed.

## Purpose

> Asl-help was created to aid autosplitter authors in writing scripts for games that use the mono framework, specifically the Unity fork. It is packaged as a .NET framework library that can be loaded at runtime from an autosplitter script, and uses codegen to allow for the creation of more streamlined, human-readable, and update-resilient pointer paths.

Reviewer: Please fix the typos; "asl-help", "auto splitter", "Mono", ".NET Framework".

> Asl-help was created to aid autosplitter authors in writing scripts for games that use the mono framework, specifically the Unity fork. It is packaged as a .NET framework library that can be loaded at runtime from an autosplitter script, and uses codegen to allow for the creation of more streamlined, human-readable, and update-resilient pointer paths.

Reviewer: Please do not condense it down to "codegen", as an inexperienced user may not know what that means.

## Usage 

> ### Devopment Setup

Reviewer: Please fix the typo.

> Download the `asl-help` file located in the `lib` directory of this repository and place it in LiveSplit's components folder. This is only necessary for development—the file will be downloaded automatically for end users, provided that you configure your autosplitter correctly (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Download the `asl-help` file located in the `lib` directory of this repository and place it in LiveSplit's components folder. This is only necessary for development — the file will be downloaded automatically for end users, provided that you configure your auto splitter correctly (see below).
```

> Download the `asl-help` file located in the `lib` directory of this repository and place it in LiveSplit's components folder. This is only necessary for development—the file will be downloaded automatically for end users, provided that you configure your autosplitter correctly (see below).

Reviewer: Please add a hyperlink to the `#publishing` heading to the automatic download explanation instead of only "(see below)".

### Loading Asl-Help
Use the following snippet to load the asl-help binary in your autosplitter. This and the following examples will assume that the game runs on the Unity engine.
```cs
startup {
    Assembly.Load(File.ReadAllBytes("Components/asl-help")).CreateInstance("Unity");
}
```
### TryLoad
All pointers must be declared inside of a function that is assigned to the `TryLoad` member of the auto-generated `Helper` variable. This should be done inside the `init` block. If this function returns `true`, then asl-help has been successfully initialized.
```cs

> init {
>     vars.Helper.TryLoad = (Func<dynamic, bool>)(mono => {
>         // Declare your pointers here.
>         return true;
>     });

Reviewer: ```suggestion
init {
    vars.Helper.TryLoad = (Func<dynamic, bool>)(mono => {
        // Declare your pointers here.
        return true;
    });
}
```
